ModMeta/README.md, before:

# TILER2

## Description

TILER2 is a library mod. It won't do much on its own, but it may be required for some other mods.

### User-Facing Features

TILER2 mostly contains features that are useful for mod developers, but it also adds some things that normal users can take advantage of.

#### DebugUtil

The DebugUtil module adds the console command `evo_setitem`.

- `evo_setitem itemIndexOrName count`: Sets the count of the target item in the Artifact of Evolution item pool. Marked as a cheat command.

#### NetConfig

The NetConfig module automatically syncs important config settings from the server to any connecting clients, and kicks clients with critical config mismatches which can't be resolved (i.e. settings that can't be changed while the game is running).

NetConfig also adds the console commands `aic_get`, `aic_set`, `aic_settemp`, and `aic`; and the convar `bool aic_allowclientset`.

- `aic_get "path1" "optional path2" "optional path3"`: Attempts to find a config entry. Path matches, in order: mod name, config section, config key. If you weren't specific enough, it will print all matching paths to console; otherwise, it will print detailed information about one specific config entry.
- `aic_set "path1" "optional path2" "optional path3" value`: Attempts to permanently set a config entry (writes to config file AND changes the ingame value), following the same search rules as aic_get. Not usable by non-host players; will route to aic_settemp instead.
- `aic_settemp "path1" "optional path2" "optional path3" value`: Attempts to temporarily set a config entry until the end of the current run, following the same search rules as aic_get. Can be blocked from use by non-host players via aic_allowclientset.
- `aic "cmd" ...`: Routes to aic_get, aic_set, or aic_settemp (for when you forget the underscore).
- `bool aic_allowclientset`: If TRUE, any player on a server can use aic_settemp. If FALSE, only the host can use aic_settemp.

## Issues/TODO

- ItemBoilerplate currently has no support for adding ItemDisplayRules.
- Items which players have but were disabled mid-run need a UI indicator for such.
- See the GitHub repo for more!

## Changelog

**1.0.0**

- Initial release. Transferred ItemBoilerplate, MiscUtil, and DebugUtil from ClassicItems to here. Added AutoItemConfig and NetConfig.

Commit message:

Emergency patch to add config options for NetConfig kick

ModMeta/README.md, after:

# TILER2

## Description

TILER2 is a library mod. It won't do much on its own, but it may be required for some other mods.

### User-Facing Features

TILER2 mostly contains features that are useful for mod developers, but it also adds some things that normal users can take advantage of.

#### DebugUtil

The DebugUtil module adds the console command `evo_setitem`.

- `evo_setitem itemIndexOrName count`: Sets the count of the target item in the Artifact of Evolution item pool. Marked as a cheat command.

#### NetConfig

The NetConfig module automatically syncs important config settings from the server to any connecting clients, and kicks clients with critical config mismatches which can't be resolved (i.e. settings that can't be changed while the game is running).

NetConfig also adds the console commands `aic_get`, `aic_set`, `aic_settemp`, and `aic`; and the convar `bool aic_allowclientset`.

- `aic_get "path1" "optional path2" "optional path3"`: Attempts to find a config entry. Path matches, in order: mod name, config section, config key. If you weren't specific enough, it will print all matching paths to console; otherwise, it will print detailed information about one specific config entry.
- `aic_set "path1" "optional path2" "optional path3" value`: Attempts to permanently set a config entry (writes to config file AND changes the ingame value), following the same search rules as aic_get. Not usable by non-host players; will route to aic_settemp instead.
- `aic_settemp "path1" "optional path2" "optional path3" value`: Attempts to temporarily set a config entry until the end of the current run, following the same search rules as aic_get. Can be blocked from use by non-host players via aic_allowclientset.
- `aic "cmd" ...`: Routes to aic_get, aic_set, or aic_settemp (for when you forget the underscore).
- `bool aic_allowclientset`: If TRUE, any player on a server can use aic_settemp. If FALSE, only the host can use aic_settemp.

## Issues/TODO

- NetConfig may be incorrectly kicking clients.
- ItemBoilerplate currently has no support for adding ItemDisplayRules.
- Items which players have but were disabled mid-run need a UI indicator for such.
- See the GitHub repo for more!

## Changelog

**1.0.1**

- Added config options to partially/completely disable NetConfig mismatch checking, and increased the timeout time from 10s to 30s. This is a holdover until the root cause of the relevant issue can be found and addressed.

**1.0.0**

- Initial release. Transferred ItemBoilerplate, MiscUtil, and DebugUtil from ClassicItems to here. Added AutoItemConfig and NetConfig.
